(Mirai pants)
Why you!
Those are my friends.
(weapons clang)
Where are you, damn it!
(Mirai whimpers)
(Urashiki laughs)
The Hokage has hidden the
Tailed Beasts, hasn't he?
I doubt that I'll learn
anything useful from you
but I'll ask anyway.
You have anything to say?
(Mirai chuckles)
I guess it's too bad for you.
I don't know anything.
And even if I did
I'd never tell you.
(Mirai whimpers)
But I asked you so politely,
you're really very
rude, aren't you?
Chakra from a
genjutsu user, huh?
Interesting, this could
come in very handy.
[Jonin] Come in, Mirai!
Hey Mirai!
My, what interesting devices
-you humans use!
-[Jonin] Mirai, Are you okay?
That thing's just given me
-an idea.
-[Jonin] Answer me!
(opening theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
Don't you think
you're overdoing it
with security just a bit?
Not really!
If anything I'd say that
we're being too lax!
That Otsutsuki guy has
already drained the chakra
from several people.
But still, it's not like
we're in a war here.
You're gonna make the whole
village feel really uneasy
because of all this.
Listen, the guy's able
to teleport, right?
Since Sasuke's here right now,
the Otsutsuki probably won't try
and come barging
into the village.
But still we can't
be too much careful.
Sasuke, how are you feeling now?
You haven't been in top form
since your chakra was drained
in that last encounter,
isn't that right?
Yeah, but I can't
let that bother me.
Not when the Nine Tail's Chakra
that's inside of you
as being targeted.
Yeah, I know that.
It's just, I wish that bastard
would come straight for me
so I could fight back.
Well yeah.
But I don't really
think he's stupid enough
to come at you, head on.
(dramatic music)
With as many people
as there are now,
who knows just how much
time I'm going to need.
It seems that I made a
little too much noise.
So now the Fox is
surrounded by obstacles.
I guess I really have no choice.
I hate to use up all of
that chakra I've gathered.
But since that thing's
conveniently turned up,
I guess I'll just use it.
If I'm able to get my hands on
all the Fox Spirit's chakra,
then it'll all even out.
Well I've got good
news and bad news.
So first the good news.
We're finally working together
with the other villages,
which means we should
be able to narrow down
where the Otsutsuki is.
(Naruto scoffs)
What's the bad news?
A tuning on patrol, has been
recently reported as missing.
We're looking into it further.
So who was it?
Who's gone missing?
Mirai Sarutobi.
Is he responsible?
We don't know for sure but
it's certainly a possibility.
I know Otsutsuki's name
is Urashiki, right?
Yeah.
I'll leave it to
you to find Mirai,
and I'm gonna send
out one of my clones
to find Urashiki.
Calm down Naruto, that guy is
after your chakra, remember?
Yeah, I know but--
Now about Urashiki's objective,
I doubt he's gathering
up all this chakra
as part of a plot to
get you personally.
Most likely, his goal
is just to collect
all of the chakra
that he possibly can.
Hey! Wait! Boruto!
I'm not waiting!
(door opens)
I figured he'd show up.
You're gonna send genin out
to go and search for Urashiki,
isn't that right?
So why am I the only one
who has to stay in the
village on standby?
Calm down Boruto!
This is an executive decision.
I Wanna know why!
Boruto, Urashiki has
a vendetta against you
because of your fight before.
It's also risky for you
to be out in the open.
Just let it go this time, okay.
I don't wanna be the only
one just sitting around.
This is as an order.
But let's--
Act like an adult Boruto!
Back when I was around your age,
even I was more
reasonable than this.
Yeah, Whatever,
I wish I could see how
you really were back then.
All right.
If you insist on
defying my orders,
for the time being, I'll
have to confine you.
No way!
Can I say something here?
Go on, please talk
some sense into him.
Sasuke, it isn't your place to--
What if Boruto and I
form a two man team?
How does that sound?
The two of you on a team?
If he's with me,
then I don't think he'll
get attacked out of a blue.
But still, we need to have
you remain inside the village,
in case Urashiki
does show up here
and we need your help
fighting him off.
If we restrict our
actions to the village,
there shouldn't be a problem.
Please, dad,
I mean Lord Seventh!
(upbeat music)
Permission granted to
form a two man team.
However, you're forbidden
from leaving the village.
Got it?
Sasuke, I'm counting on you.
Yes!
The ancient relic,
that was recently discovered
on the ocean floor,
is currently being analyzed
by The Leaf's Archeological
Research Institute.
Officials there say the
pattern etched into the relic
indicates that it may be that
it may be a sealing device,
but they caution that--
Man I really got to tell you,
this patrolling the village
thing's super boring you know?
Deal with it Boruto.
(Boruto sighs)
I know how you're feeling,
but we're doing all this
to ensure your safety.
So please try to
understand that.
I get it loud and clear.
Oh Boruto!
Hey guys, you
going on a mission?
Well, it's part mission
and part testing.
The more people
testing the new tech,
the better we can make sure
it works the way it should.
So we were recruiting.
New tech?
That's right,
Denki's company developed
some new technology.
Yep, here it is Boruto.
But we've had radios
for a while, right?
Our engineer, Mr. Haguruma
came up with this idea,
and I added a few features too.
This display shows
everyone's current position.
For right now, we're only
able to collect tracking data
from a pretty limited area,
but in time I hope that
we'll be able to cover
the entire Land of Fire.
This device ought to make
our missions a lot safer,
don't you think?
This is amazing.
So you babysitting Boruto dad?
Yeah, I guess you
could call it that.
Well, don't just protect
other people, all right?
Make sure you cherish
your own family
once in a while, you know?
I know that.
Hey Boruto, be good
and keep an eye on things here,
don't give my dad too
much trouble, all right.
What was that?
Okay, should we get going?
Roger! Let's go Shikadai!
I mean Captain!
Boruto, behave yourself, okay.
(Boruto laughs sarcastically)
Sometimes you just got
to grin and bear it.
You're always in the
limelight Boruto,
and we rarely get
a chance to shine.
So Boruto, please take
care of everything here.
It's nice to take a break
every now and again, isn't it?
Yo shut up!
Just get out of here.
(tracker beeps)
[Tenten] Everything okay?
Give me a status report.
[Korogi] We've
spotted the target!
We're in pursuit as we speak!
He's currently moving
toward the south!
The target?
(keyboard taps)
[Korogi] I repeat!
The Target's been spotted.
There's no mistake.
He's the Otsutsuki.
No way!
He's heading south.
It looks like they're moving
away from the village.
The enemy uses
time-space Ninjutsu.
So keep your distance.
[Korogi] Got it!
I'll try to get him into
position to corner him!
Roger! I'll send in
reinforcements now.
All other teams leave
the pursuit to Korogi.
Break off, and head
south of the village
towards sector 1-HA.
[Tenten] Shikadai's team is
already on the south side.
Rendezvous with them and close
in using a pincer formation.
[All] Roger!
All right, we'll join
up with Tenten's team
and head for the
ravine up ahead.
[All] Roger!
(Sasuke scoffs)
I see, keep advancing
and they'll reach
the narrow ravine.
(suspenseful music)
Choji, are you in position?
I'm ready any time?
Oh, I understand,
they're going to corner
him in that Ravine.
I've reached the ravine.
[Korogi] Roger!
They cornered Urashiki.
Will we make it in time?
We have to, so we will.
We'll use every
shinobi in the village
to corner that bastard
before he could even
cross the border.
Things are getting
pretty nasty, Sasuke.
Sasuke?
I might be over
thinking this but
Urashiki is able
to copy the jutsu
of the people that he
steals chakra from.
Really?
Yesterday a shinobi
from the Hidden Leaf
Village went missing.
We suspect that occurred
because they got into a
confrontation with Urashiki.
Do you know who it was?
Mirai Sarutobi.
No way.
Something bothered
me when we saw them
testing the new tech.
You know what kind of
jutsu Mirai specializes in?
She's good with Wind Style,
but I'm pretty sure
that it's genjutsu.
Urashiki may have
just tricked us.
(dramatic music)
He's using genjutsu?
It's possible the
shinobi at the front
are seeing an illusion,
the Urashiki they're seeing
running away right now.
I've almost caught him cornered.
[Tenten] Don't let
this chance slip away!
[Sasuke] Is probably
a diversion.
[Boruto] But why?
You're trapped now, Otsutsuki!
[Tenten] He's coming, get ready!
Your time's up, Otsutsuki!
(Tenten and Shikadai gasp)
Korogi no!
No, stop!
You got to snap out of it!
What are you doing?
The enemy's right
in front of me.
Release!
(Korogi gasps)
Mirai!
Release!
But I was just
fighting the Otsutsuki.
Was I?
The both of you were
under a genjutsu.
Hey Mirai, are you doing okay?
This is bad.
All the village's defenses,
have been seriously thinned
down and spread out.
(dramatic music)
And just like that the village
is totally open to attack.
They fall for such simple tricks
thanks to group psychology.
Humans truly are
nothing but fools!
All right, Naruto Uzumaki!
Now I'll just take my sweet time
stealing the Nine Tail's Chakra.
(upbeat dramatic music)
. Damn it! Even the street
patrols were sent out.
Even with the subversion of his,
there's still shinobi stationed
at the Hokage's office.
Why would Urashiki?
Urashiki's after the
Nine Tail's chakra,
let's hurry.
(dramatic music)
What's up with Urashiki?
We haven't received
a report yet.
(dramatic music)
What are you doing?
We're wrong.
The Hokage's office
is completely secure.
Maybe you both should try
to relax a little bit.
(Naruto sighs)
What's wrong.
Even if security in the
village has been weakened
Urashiki knows that dad will
still have strong shinobi
stationed all around him, right?
And also, that you're
in the village.
So if Urashiki were to
confront dad directly,
could he really win?
So he's not after the
Nine Tail's chakra?
In scientific news today,
-a team of archeologists
-That's it.
I'm sure I'm right.
Managed to recover an artifact--
When we fought the White
Zetsu at that ruin,
I saw the same symbol
they showed on the news!
That ancient relic that
was found in the ocean,
it's at the Leaf's Archeological
Research Institute.
Seems like it's connected
to the Otsutsuki.
But I'm not sure.
The Archeological
Research Institute huh?
Well, I think so but--
A relic that's more
precious than Nine Tails.
The Hokage office
is locked down.
So if there's
another possibility
we should go and check it out.
(suspenseful music)
Sasuke! Look!
His chakras been extracted.
Could this place
really be his target?
It seems that your
hunch was correct.
(eerie music)
Ah! Here it is!
How lucky that humans found
it since they can't open it.
Only the Otsutsuki can
activate this device.
(relic gleams)
Now awaken Karasuki.
Activation authenticated.
I'm Karasuki, the noble device.
Allow me to advise you on the
procedure of my operation.
Confirming procedure
as requested.
My operation will be hindered,
if any steps are
made out of order.
Master Urashiki Otsutsuki,
I must first be charged
with chakra to operate.
Once charging is completed,
please configure
transfer settings.
Uh it's so slow.
Why make it a turtle?
They're so plodding
and irritating.
(Relic chimes)
Listen, could you
hurry this up a bit?
(door bangs open)
Found you!
Stop right there Urashiki.
What are you gonna do with
that after you steal it.
Such a typical human accusation.
This originally belonged
to the Otsutsuki,
I'm not stealing,
I'm taking it back.
You're not getting away.
Oh my! How scary you are.
But should you really
be saying that?
You certainly don't look
like you're at full strength.
I'd like to pay you
back from my horns
but I don't have the
time to waste on you.
Anyway I'm off to harvest
the Fox's chakra now.
You're what?
It's already too late
for you to stop me.
There's nothing you can do.
(Otsutsuki whooshes)
Where are we?
Stay alert.
That turtle,
that's the thing Urashiki
was holding earlier.
What in the world's going on?
You followed me here?
I really can't stand your
persistence, you know!
Just what are you up to?
(Urashiki scoffs)
It's still too soon.
What the hell is all this?
Boruto!
Well I guess they left the
gate a little too soon.
Boruto!
(portal opens)
(Boruto screams)
Ow!
Sasuke, what's wrong?
My chakra, I used all of it up.
I don't sense Urashiki's
presence anywhere but
so where are we?
We ought to check
the area nearby.
Damn it!
This thing's not doing anything.
You think this guy's
the reason we're here?
Probably yeah.
Hey, it's a town.
Oh, wait a minute, it's
just the Leaf Village.
Guess I got worked
up for nothing.
(Sasuke gasps)
What?
The Great Stone Faces?
But my dad's face isn't.
No way.
Hold up!
Why did you run off like that?
Sasuke?
Boruto, this is The Leaf
Village in the past.
(closing theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
The New City is gone!
This place doesn't feel
like the Leaf Village!
Where are we, you know?
Warning, we have
deviated a great amount
from our target to
temporal transfer.
You said temporal
transfer, right?
This village is The
Leaf in the past.
The past?
Next time Boruto Naruto
Next Generations:
"The Village Hidden
in the Leaves"
Are you telling me
I'll probably get to
meet my dad as a kid?
(closing theme music)
(singing in Japanese)